README.md, before:

## Structured Content Plugin Enhancer

Contributors: gulariav <br/>
Version: 1.0.1 <br/>
Tags: structured-content, collapsible-div<br/>
Requires at least: 3.5<br/>
Tested up to: 5.0.3<br/>
License: GPL v2 or later<br/>


### Description
This plugin is an extension of "Structured Content (JSON-LD) #wpsc" to change its layout to Collapsable section by adding this css class to it "collapsible-faq". Also provide options to make any div collapsible. 

https://wordpress.org/plugins/structured-content/


### Usage

**How to make structured content output collapsible** 

To make any structured content output collapsible, add this class "collapsible-faq". See example below:



<pre>
[sc_fs_faq sc_id="fs_faqa9dmd5mzj" html="true" headline="h2" img="" question="The Sign Distillery is an independently-owned full-service commercial signage " img_alt="" css_class="collapsible-faq" ]Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed in risus sed erat malesuada aliquet vel vel lorem. Etiam eget vehicula nisl, at imperdiet mauris. Suspendisse aliquet dictum neque id condimentum.[/sc_fs_faq]
</pre>


To make any div collapsible, add classes in this format.

**To make a _div_  collapsible** 

```html
<div class="faq-btn">Title</div>
<div class="faq-data">Description</div>
```



### Changelog
--------

##### 1.0.0
Initial Release<br/>

Commit message:

1.0.2
Moved script to load in footer
Readme file update

README.md, after:

## Structured Content Plugin Enhancer

Contributors: gulariav <br/>
Version: 1.0.1 <br/>
Tags: structured-content, collapsible-div<br/>
Requires at least: 3.5<br/>
Tested up to: 5.0.3<br/>
License: GPL v2 or later<br/>


### Description
This plugin is an extension of "Structured Content (JSON-LD) #wpsc" to change its layout to Collapsable section by adding this css class to it "collapsible-faq". Also provide options to make any div collapsible. 

https://wordpress.org/plugins/structured-content/


### Usage

**How to make structured content output collapsible** 

To make any structured content output collapsible, add this class "collapsible-faq". See example below:



<pre>
[sc_fs_faq sc_id="fs_faqa9dmd5mzj" html="true" headline="h2" img="" question="The Sign Distillery is an independently-owned full-service commercial signage " img_alt="" css_class="collapsible-faq" ]Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed in risus sed erat malesuada aliquet vel vel lorem. Etiam eget vehicula nisl, at imperdiet mauris. Suspendisse aliquet dictum neque id condimentum.[/sc_fs_faq]
</pre>


To make any div collapsible, add classes in this format.

**To make a _div_  collapsible** 

```html
<div class="faq-btn">Title</div>
<div class="faq-data">Description</div>
```



### Changelog
--------

##### 1.0.2
Moved script to load in footer<br/>
Readme file update

##### 1.0.1
Update plugin URI in plugin header<br/>
Readme file update

##### 1.0.0
Initial Release<br/>
